ninety-nine cents only stores has
everything you need for Mother's Day
starting with gift bags save up to five
dollars on gift bags and unique prints
colors and sizes for 79.99 cents each um
so last but not least I've asked all the
other know all the other candy no no not
that okay what were you going to what
did you hear he said he would kiss me
wait a minute yeah yeah I know I said no
and then I later I was like why did I
say no it's been a set of The Vampire
Diaries talking to all the Tsar's I was
Ian Somerhalder yes that's right um we
only have three episodes left in the
season and there's a new one tonight so
let's take a sneak peek at that one you
can't interfere Damon Klaus will kill
you and everyone you've ever met I just
need you to lay this thing no no way you
should like this it's gonna buy another
month of your pathetic life right except
that I'm not the vampire he's planning
I'm sacrificing well as I said Ian
Somerhalder plays Damon 168 year old
vampire who's been through a lot in his
many years so I asked Ian about some of
the big moments in his own life but I
didn't exactly get the answer I wanted
or expected for you what was one of your
defining moments that really put you
where you're at right now and on this
path whoa you mean as an actor yeah yeah
um well I mean those defining moments
are very tricky I'll have to come back
to that question it sits at such a deep
cerebral question I mean I could say
some funny anecdote but I don't even
have one prepared okay haha um just
being on my guess I'm just that good of
a question you're so good you have means
okay um i'll give the author are you
want from a view from a fan how about
that throw a little bit if you had a
pick between being an actor or a
philanthropist you how to pick one what
would you pick
I would just be an actor that was the
philanthropist but if you had to pick
between the two you couldn't do both
that was the viewer that's not my
question is severe fan fan question mmm
then I would just jump off of a building
that's right i want so that question you
know i would i would do it anyway this
guy totally perplexed here all joking
aside ian is very very passionate about
his work with the environment and with
animals so that's why his answer there
jump off a building was sherry I saw the
tweak on your I i I'd see the theme
going on here with the kiss and the I
will say this he had been shooting on
set all day and I was the very he was my
very last interview today and I was his
very last thing to do of the day to the
point where he walked out to his car
after we were done and and went home
where'd you go didn't go anywhere Bailey
stop okay so there is a new wreckage of
a break your life okay he was tired yeah
he know whatever he was a great to go he
was a great sport we want details no
detail okay I never tell um there is a
new episode tonight at 8pm right here on
San Diego six you can go to our website
and win prizes we have a vampire diaries
page for all the behind the scenes and
then tonight at ten I have a clip from
Ian about what he likes to do to unwind
after a long day oh and maybe that we're
producing right nipple I wish okay we're
that's all i wanted i just wanted a
little admission there's the producer
coming out again Renee like to do with
cute producers that live in San Diego it
narrows it down I mean just a tad hey
San Diego all right